so this is the episode that many of us
have been waiting for episode 8 is the
biggest episode of the season along with
episode 10 and if we were to go on
history episode 8 has a history of being
a big one in a couple of seasons which
have gone by in power we saw holly being
shot and kanan being released in season
1 episode 8 and kanan being killed in
episode 8 season 5. in season 6 we are
tasha killing lakisha and this is the
one that the cast and crew of raising
kanan have really been hyping all season
long so we know it's going to be a good
one and we know a few details already
based on the synopsis which we're going
to be breaking down in this video even
further there was also this teaser that
raising kanan stars released yesterday
between lulu and raquel a very intense
conversation about how wrapped up in
lulu and him thinking about taking up
unique's offer and we've seen the latest
images for episode 8 as well which we're
going to be breaking down throughout
this video and at the end as well but of
course if you're new to the channel and
you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscribe button
if you don't see everything power book 3
empower universe related let's have a
look at the synopsis which we partly
went through yesterday from lulu side of
things but we're going to look at the
whole description and break it down even
further and episode 8 is titled the cost
of business and the synopsis reads kanan
struggles with a harsh truth after word
gets back to wreck that he's behind the
bad crack on the streets jukebox learns
about the troubling facts behind
nicole's death and lulu finds himself
caught in a crossfire so let's have a
look at the first part which is how
kanan is going to struggle with the
harsh truth of what his bad crack has
done and on top of what he's done this
is going to get back to iraq as kanan's
issues always finds her way back to
raqqa one way or another she questioned
where he got the money to offer to pay
for dinner that they had in the last
episode and he brushed it off he decided
to tell rachel about how howard
approached him knowing that this is
going to distract rag but she will hear
about what kane has been up to
regardless of him distracting rock with
detective howard because she always
finds out she always has a way of
finding out she's going to hear that
bodies have been dropping in the streets
from canaan's bad crack and this isn't
the heat that she needs right now
because she's got plenty of other
problems but she can add this one to our
list so we're definitely going to see
detective howard on raqqa's case about
canaan because no doubt he will be
sniffing around the dead bodies in the
streets paying the drug addicts to get
information and arresting little rob in
the process now do feel howard can
capitalize on this situation knowing
that kanan was the one who created this
bad crack which dropped so many bodies
in the streets along with nicole's body
howard can really capitalize on this
situation if he is able to connect the
dots back to kanan like he said in the
episode age trailer then in essence he
will have kanan's life in his hands
he'll be able to determine what happens
with the investigation like he's shown
us previously in episode one he's
someone that can protect people in the
streets and if we've learned one thing
about detective howard is that he's
selfish he'll always do what's best for
himself and what's best for himself
right now is getting this bone marrow
transplant but the only way he can do
this if he can get raquel to agree for
kanan to give him the transplant which
we know is not going to be an easy task
but here's the thing if howard holds the
future of kanan's life in his hands and
can determine which direction the
investigation goes in with the dead
bodies in the streets then he could
really use this to blackmail racquel he
can save kanan's life by twisting the
investigation of the bad kraken in
another direction and in return kanan
gives him this transplant so we'll see
rachel and howard having this talk about
kanan and howard embark arresting lil
rob but what this whole situation is
going to lead to is rocket having
another heated conversation with marvin
because once again he was involved with
kanan with this drug dealing scheme with
him having little rob and his boy set up
on the highway and what can rap do about
marvin now she's frozen about the game
she has him up in the apartments just
carrying out the refurb but he's still
out here causing issues for rag being
set up on the highway and even worse he
has kanan involved once again we know
his relationship isn't the best with
raquel rak took over the organization
from marvin in episode 5 we found out
that marvin spent a short period of time
in prison saying he got set up and we
went through how raquel could have even
been the one to put him behind bars but
marvin will make an amends i do think he
will make up for it especially with what
happens to lulu in the coming episode
he's going to go on full on rampage mode
and we'll see why he's the muscle to
rack's organization let's move on and
talk about the second part of the
synopsis which is how jukebox is going
to learn about nicole's death and not
just about her death but the facts
around what happened to her because no
doubt she's gonna want answers and she's
gonna go searching for them she's gonna
find out the cause of her death which
shows kanan's bad crack and the
backtrack which is now missing from her
bag and duke is a small girl she'll be
able to figure out what happened to
nicole and the real reason for her death
i just wonder whether this is going to
create some tension between her and
kanan and whether or not we'll see you
confront kanan i went through a theory
of how jew could take davina away from
kanan considering he took nicole away
from duke whether or not it plays out
this way let's wait and see but davina
is someone who i do think needs to go
whether it happens at the hands of duke
or kanan where the raccoon gives the
order to kanan to kill davina because
she feels like she's a threat to the
family and to kanan and we will have to
remember kanan calls duke after his
first kill taking it back to power for a
second in season 3 episode 3 we learned
that jukebox was his first call that
kanan made when he dropped his first
body and that's something we're yet to
see but bringing it back to 1991 and
raising canaan i think it will take
davina betraying kanan at least once
more before he actually realizes that he
can't trust her and it was davina that
had given up the location to the stash
house all along so i do think the west
is yet to come from davina and there is
going to be consequences so let's see if
we see anything from davina this episode
but with the whole jukebox situation how
is she gonna react to losing someone she
loves we'll set her on a dark path and
no doubt something that would stick with
her forever but let's talk about the
last part of the synopsis which is lulu
finds himself caught in a crossfire and
yesterday we spoke about lulu's
involvement in this side of things
during his story arc but we haven't
actually spoken about this from unique's
perspective this is one character we
haven't dived deep on in this week so
we're gonna look at this from his angle
especially because it seems like he's
gonna be going on the offense this week
and he warned lulu that he was gonna go
on the offense he gave him an
opportunity to turn which of course you
rejected and he's gonna confirm which
side he was on in this conversation with
raquel we're gonna hear him say that
even when he's put under the ground he's
gonna be flying the same flag he's
always been flying because he doesn't
flip for nobody or nothing and nobody
can have any doubts about lulu after
this he's someone who i do think will
stay loyal to raquel and the thomases
even if he wants out of the game but
we're gonna see unique going on the
offense but is this move a mistake is he
getting too confident with himself and
this whole war against raquel he
definitely has played every move right
so far and it's hard to disagree that
his moves have put him in the driving
seat in the war against rock and the
thomases but he did make one crucial
mistake and that was keeping scrappy
alive and i wonder if he's about to make
another mistake which could be hitting
lulu because hitting the stash house is
one thing attacking scrappy is another
but attacking lulu one of the thomases
you can bet rack and marvin will
retaliate with full force there's an
image that has been released with rocket
meeting joaquin and again joaquin's
bodyguards look very similar to the guys
that we saw in the teaser for episode 8
who were firing so raccoon might have
just found itself not just a new connect
but some backup in a war against unique
which she needs was something that
unique may not have been expecting and
this is what could catch him by surprise
but as i said before he's someone that
could get a little overconfident with
the position that he's in and this is
what could be his downfall and hopefully
we do find out more about joaquin
because we don't know anything about
joaquin other than he's julia's cousin
we don't know how strong he is what
connections he has but he seems like
someone who's very powerful and someone
who's capable of delivering a knockout
blow but this is also another image that
raising cadence stars released which is
from episode 8 something we haven't seen
yet and something we haven't seen in
this season is racket dropping a body
but we may be seeing it soon and this is
the only side that we haven't seen to
her yet this killer side which no doubt
she has something that she can unleash
when she wants to we saw her telling
marvin to deal with this inspector after
he put her hands on her we've seen this
hard shell but she knows that she'll
never crack under pressure and to no man
especially not too unique she's also
shown us how dominant she is and to what
extent she's willing to go to to protect
kanan she's even shown us this caring
and loving side that she has someone who
duke can be open with and someone who is
willing to listen to jukebox's problems
and secrets we've also seen her opening
up to symphony but this is the side i
want to see more of which she did show
us in the very first episode when kanan
was shot during the drive-by shootout
you could however argue that we don't
need to see this side from raquel
because that's what she has marvin and
lulu for but i'm looking forward to
seeing raquel potentially dropping her
first body of the season but let's have
a look at some more images of episode 8
as we wrap up this preview video kanan
looking very distressed and he's
probably just found out what his crack
has done and the deaths are related to
his bad crack especially nicole's death
we've got jukebox at nicole's funeral
who no doubt is going to be devastated
because of her death and this is
something i spoke about earlier on in
the week you could see this coming
nicole's mom was always going to blame
nicole's death on duke and we're going
to see this in episode 8 as well but
that's the rundown of episode 8 with
this preview and predictions video and
unique is going to take it to raquel
lulu's going to get caught in the
crossfire and raccoon seems like she's
going to have some back up judging by
this image that we've seen with joaquin
and i'm excited for episode 8 because
it's going to be the biggest episode of
raising canaan so far it's going to be
intense it's going to be an episode that
keeps us on the edge of our seats that's
for sure but let me know what you guys
think down below in the comment section
drop all your thoughts and predictions
on the war between unique and raquel the
fallout from kanan's bad crack nicole's
death and lulu who seems like he's gonna
be hit drop all your thoughts down below
and of course if you're new to the
channel and you haven't done so already
then remember to smash the subscribe
button if you don't see everything
powerbook 3 empower universe related but
as always thank you guys for watching
and i'll see you
next time